1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help me see the bug
that was introduced?

  It showed any lines that had been changed between the two files.
  I could then compare any line that had been changed with the previous version.

2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

  It would help me to find mistakes (or changes that did not work) faster,
  especially with larger files or projects.

3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

  Manually saving makes it easier to group changes by idea, therefore it is
  easier to identify which commit to review if something in the code breaks.
  Automatically saving will not rely on a user to remember to save the file.

4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file
separately?

  Git etc. users have several interlinked files that rely upon each other to
  function properly, whereas any changes in something like Google Docs usually
  has no effect on any other files.


5. How can you use the commands Git log and Git diff to view the history of
files?

  In the command line (when Git is installed) the command "Git log" displays all
  the different commits in the current Git repository.Each commit has a unique
  commit number. You can then compare two different commits by using the Git
  diff command in conjunction with the unique commit numbers.

6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

  With the security of being able to revert to previous commits in a repository,
  you can make any changes without fear of losing all previous progress or
  spending hours finding the offending error.

7. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git
for?

  Now that I have set up my workspace, I will use Git to better keep track of
  the changes I make to any of my projects. This should allow me to make bigger
  changes to my code without me losing what I have done previously.
